Report the language of the text been read (#17685)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

|Read current line |NVDA+upArrow |NVDA+l |Reads the line where the system caret is currently situated. Pressing twice spells the line. Pressing three times spells the line using character descriptions.|
|Read current text selection |NVDA+Shift+upArrow |NVDA+shift+s |Reads any currently selected text|
|Report text formatting |NVDA+f |NVDA+f |Reports the formatting of the text where the caret is currently situated. Pressing twice shows the information in browse mode|

> |Report text formatting |NVDA+f |NVDA+f |Reports the language of the text where the caret is currently situated. Pressing twice shows the information in browse mode|

Author: I've removed the unassigned command from the user guide, maintaining it in the changelog.

For example, if reading in an English U.S. voice but a document specifies that some text is in English U.K., then the synthesizer will switch accents if this option is enabled.
This option is disabled by default.

> ##### Report language {#ReportLanguage}

Reviewer: This heading should match the full option's name.

> This checkbox allows you to toggle whether NVDA should report the detected language of the text been read. The language configured to be used by default won't be reported.

Reviewer 2: New lines for new sentences please

```suggestion
This checkbox allows you to toggle whether NVDA should report the detected language of the text been read.
The language configured to be used by default won't be reported.
```

For example, if reading in an English U.S. voice but a document specifies that some text is in English U.K., then the synthesizer will switch accents if this option is enabled.
This option is disabled by default.

##### Report language changes {#ReportLanguage}

This checkbox allows you to toggle whether NVDA should report the detected language of the text being read, when the language changes from the default language.
The language configured to be used by default won't be reported.
This option is disabled by default.

> ##### Report if language is not supported by synthesizer {#ReportIfLanguageIsNotSupportedBySynthesizer}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Report when switching to language is not supported by synthesizer {#ReportIfLanguageIsNotSupportedBySynthesizer}
```
